---
layout: post
title: Files and Folder Structure in Flutter
description: Bring to the table win-win survival strategies to ensure proactive domination. At the end of the day, going forward, a new normal that. Capitalize on low hanging fruit to identify a ballpark value activity to beta test. Override the digital divide with additional.
date: 2022-12-16 15:01:35 +0530
image: '/images/files-and-folder-structure-in-flutter.jpg'
image_caption: 'Photo by [Stephen SIMON](https://twitter.com/codewithsimon)'
tags: [flutter]
---
1. **`android`**: This folder contains the Android-specific project files, such as the Gradle build files and the AndroidManifest.xml file.
2. **`ios`**: This folder contains the iOS-specific project files, such as the Xcode project file and the Info.plist file.
3. **`lib`**: This folder contains the Dart source code for your Flutter app. This is where you will spend most of your time writing code.
4. **`test`**: This folder contains the tests for your Flutter app. Flutter comes with its own testing framework that makes it easy to write and run tests.
5. **`web`**: This folder contains the web-specific files for your Flutter app. You can use Flutter to build web apps, and the web folder contains the necessary files for that.
6. **`pubspec.yaml`**: This is a YAML file that lists the dependencies for your project. You can use this file to specify external packages that your app depends on, as well as other settings like the app name and version.
7. **`.metadata`**: This file is generated by Flutter and contains information about the Flutter SDK and the project.
8. **`.gitignore`**: This file specifies which files should be ignored by Git, the version control system that is commonly used with Flutter projects.
9. **`README.md`**: This is a Markdown file that typically contains information about your project, including how to run it and how to contribute to it.
10. **`pubspec.lock`**: This file is generated by Flutter and contains the exact versions of each package that is being used in your project.
11. **`.idea`**: This folder contains settings for the IntelliJ IDEA, the IDE that is commonly used with Flutter projects. This folder is optional and can be deleted if you are not using IntelliJ IDEA.
12. **`.vscode`**: This folder contains settings for Visual Studio Code, another popular IDE for Flutter development. This folder is also optional and can be deleted if you are not using Visual Studio Code.

These are the most common files and folders that you will encounter in a Flutter project. There may be additional files or folders depending on the specific type of project you are working on, but these are the ones that are most likely to be present in every Flutter project.
